Add docs about handling widgets with keyboard shortcuts (#349)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/guide/dev/deep_dive/widgets/README.md

Technically, **each widget is defined in a CKEditor plugin that uses the features provided by the generic [Widget plugin](https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addon/widget)**. Owing to this, widget plugins have a structure very similar to that of standard editor plugins, can be made available in [CKEditor 4 Add-ons Repository](https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addons/plugins/all), and can be added to your editor installation as described in the {@link guide/dev/widget_installation/README Widget Installation} article.

## Accessibility

> When a widget is selected, keyboard shortcuts are adjusted to make navigation and edition around widget comfortable. For example, widget dialog window can be opened by just pressing <kbd>Enter</kbd> key. All shortcuts are described in {@link features/shortcuts/README#widget-selection Keyboard Shortcuts article}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a widget is selected, keyboard shortcuts are adjusted to make the navigation and edition around the widget more comfortable. For example, a widget dialog window can be opened by just pressing the <kbd>Enter</kbd> key. All shortcuts are described in the {@link features/shortcuts/README#widget-selection Keyboard Shortcuts} guide.
```
